Problem



In English, there are 26 letters that are either vowels or
consonants. In this problem, we consider a, e, i, o, and u to be
vowels, and the other 21 letters to be consonants.

A tribe living in the Greatest Colorful Jungle has a tradition of
naming their members using English letters. But it is not easy to come
up with a good name for a new member because it reflects the member's
social status within the tribe. It is believed that the less common
the name he or she is given, the more socially privileged he or she
is.

The leader of the tribe is a professional linguist. He notices that
hard-to-pronounce names are uncommon, and the reason is that they have
too many consecutive consonants. Therefore, he announces that the
social status of a member in the tribe is determined by its n-value,
which is the number of substrings with at least n consecutive
consonants in the name. For example, when n = 3, the name "quartz" has
the n-value of 4 because the substrings quartz, uartz, artz, and rtz
have at least 3 consecutive consonants each. A greater n-value means a
greater social status in the tribe. Two substrings are considered
different if they begin or end at a different point (even if they
consist of the same letters), for instance "tsetse" contains 11
substrings with two consecutive consonants, even though some of them
(like "tsetse" and "tsetse") contain the same letters.



All members in the tribe must have their names and n given by the
leader. Although the leader is a linguist and able to ensure that the
given names are meaningful, he is not good at calculating the
n-values. Please help the leader determine the n-value of each
name. Note that different names may have different values of n
associated with them.



Input



The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T test
cases follow. The first line of each test case gives the name of a
member as a string of length L, and an integer n. Each name consists
of one or more lower-case English letters.



Output



For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x
is the case number (starting from 1) and y is the n-value of the
member's name.



Limits



1 ≤ T ≤ 100.

0 < n ≤ L.

Small dataset



1 ≤ L ≤ 100.

Large dataset



1 ≤ L ≤ 10e6.

The input file will be no larger than 6MB.
